[QACI-645] - MicroProfile 4.1 Results Enterprise 5.36.0 (#232)
payara/Payara-Enterprise-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/microprofile-certification/5.36.0/microprofile-4.1-tck-results-full-5.36.0.adoc

[[tck-results]]
= TCK Results

As required by the
https://www.eclipse.org/legal/tck.php[Eclipse Foundation Technology Compatibility Kit License],

> following is a summary of the TCK results for releases of MicroProfile Config 2.0.

Reviewer: `summary of the TCK results for releases of MicroProfile Config 2.0.`

But is summary for MicroProfile 4.1, and not just Config.

Author: ```suggestion
following is a summary of the TCK results for releases of MicroProfile 4.1 Specifications.
```
